Monica Rogati, who has moved around a little bit, but she's like an important data science
leader and writer, has like the data science hierarchy of needs, or like the AI, like hierarchy
of needs. Like at the bottom are things like, like logging and like collecting data, and
then you like move up and like things like at the middle are like analytics. And things
like machine learning are like way at the top, like way at the top of this pyramid.
And in terms of like value that people get, you get a lot of value from analytics, from
like counting things. You get a lot of value from like your first models you train, you
know, like simple models, linear models, you know. And it's like, you have to be pretty
mature. You have to be pretty up to your hierarchy of needs to be able to the point
where you're like, I need a fancy machine learning model that's like learning nonlinear
relationships or taking advantage of complicated math. I wouldn't say I'm motivated to work
on machine learning because it's the thing that like offers the most value, or that it's
the thing that like solves the most problems. Because I think like the thing that solves
the most problems is like making data accessible to people in their workplaces, and that they
have the tools to be able to like do basic analytics or train that first model. Like
you get the biggest wins at that, at those lower levels. I do think the problems like
like machine learning tooling is interesting because it is complex, and people enter into
it with different levels of experience, and being able to build tools to make that process
more streamlined is like is an interesting challenge.